What have you done in your project so far? Tell us what you've been working on and what you have achieved.
Till now I have learnt many concepts of c programming. I learnt the concept of C graphics, and parallely i learnt how to use opengl. I did practice and play with various shapes and function of openGl. Learn about Graphics and learn how to interact with basic shapes,like polygons in C, How to insert image in openGL. 
Currently I am working on the main aim of project that is drawing main wireframe of gamescreen and coding the second part of game which is addition. 

What have you learned so far? What technologies/programming language you're working with, what is your work environment (IDE, text editor, etc.), any algorithms/design patterns/techniques that you learned.

I laernt about: C, C graphics, OpenGL, Git.
Work environment: Ubuntu and Sublime text.
 
What are three positive aspects of your work on the project?
1) learning
2) fun, as the whole project is about learning via fun
3) Project is going according as I think.
 
What are three things that you plan on doing better in the following weeks?
1) Going to learn some advance function of C
2) Going to design a tic tac toe game
3) Developing the wireframe and gamescreen.
 
How many hours a week do you spend on your project?
20-30
How does the mentoring process work for you? What are the positives and negatives in the interaction with your mentor?

This worked very well. I nerver shy to ask anything to my mentor.
Positive:  The best thing is he never mine what i said/ask he just answered it very well. 
Negative : Sometime there has been some miscomunication between us but we resolve that and proceed.

Is there anything else you would like to share with us?
Yes!
As my mentor suggest me, In my free time I write blog about what I learn. Here is the link: http://atbrakhi.wordpress.com/

Hello World! Finally here I am, Writing my blog.. uhh awesome feeling :) So lets me tell one good news,  This feburary I has been selected as Learn It, Girl! scholor. This is a mentorship program for women around the globe!  I applied as mentee in January 2016.My choice was C programming language because I am willing to learn C program.
This is the second edition of Learn IT,Girl! See more about it Here .


The application process was very easy, you just need to go through some question regarding you skills and some more normal question. There is two "the most important question"
1) Which programming language you are willing to learn and
2) The project idea.


Remember! Application process generally opens in the month of december, so be updated with that, well they share everything on social media so just follow them there.  I am currently working on my project under the guidence of my mentor Rohit Kashayp, He is an awesome mentor. Well in my next blog I will be explaining my project little more.
Hint: my project is related to game programming in C.

:)
